# Overview 

In this lesson, we will be exploring the fundamentals of networking. We will look at network topology, how data is created, the OSI -TCP/IP stack, identifying different devices in a network, and understanding how different networks create the internet.

# The fundamentals of networking

The fact that you're here means that you probably already know that when most ***CEO's*** are asked what is the top of mind for them ***cybersecurity*** or ***information security*** is always in top ten items.

Whether it is a large company or a startup protecting the information assets, brand, intellectual property (IP) and their clients or customers is a big concern for all. 

And it should be because it's fast as cybersecurity solutions have grown. We think it's a good idea to start with each lesson with a roadmap of what we will cover in this 

# Objectives

1. [Intro to networking and the language of networking](#Introduction-to-networking)
2. [Discuss network data transmission](#Network-data-transmission)
3. [Examine network topologies](#Network-topologies)


## Introduction to networking

**What is computer network?**

So what exactly is ***computer networking***. Well, it could described as a pool of connected network devices communicating with one another and sharing data ad resources. **e.g** laptops, desktops, servers etc.


**The Language of networking**

There are many ***terminologies*** when it comes to networking. But there are a few that people who work in computer networking would use on a daily basis a kind of CNL (computer networking language) if you will.

* ***Packets***

  The first word that you're going to get used to hearing a lot is the word **packet**. Basically packets are the segments of data. A packet generically contains useful information that helps the transmission ***from source to destination*** in a network.

* ***Ethernet*** 

  Ethernet is a standardized 
